Rochelle Martinez: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had my son, trying to reinforce good dog behavior me
Gwenevere Abriel: stubbed his whole foot. So then I got online with Dr. Ever yell to see if you broke up to parcel in his foot and just the timing was just super bad I'm terribly sorry for this late
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't happen that much to me though I'm usually here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Terrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: So last 10 days have been rough for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that
Gwenevere Abriel: You so it's around the baby and things like that, or what's going on.
Rochelle Martinez: It's just I guess with this virus going around your
Rochelle Martinez: Life.
And your
Gwenevere Abriel: Co.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's your mom.
Rochelle Martinez: My mom's a stranger's all that they have lots of supplies. Laughter mass my drama is in the hospital as a purchasing manager, she has to check off. She's in there with laughter. Good.
Rochelle Martinez: Positive
Rochelle Martinez: Patients they've been exposed. So no matter how much social distancing that I do.
Rochelle Martinez: It's still coming Sunday morning.
Rochelle Martinez: We're doing all the precautions like
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, does your mom live with you.
Know,
Rochelle Martinez: With her last year with your last weekend.
Rochelle Martinez: Because you as you know we switch off on that with the baby on the weekends.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, so
Rochelle Martinez: And I guess just because they hadn't had any positives. We were still doing it. You know what I mean.
I go
Rochelle Martinez: And to find out that was testing is taking almost 10 to 14 days to get back so sake, where we shouldn't have met last weekend and
Rochelle Martinez: The babies know is low immune system being born premature she catches everything all the medication. I'm on makes my immune system. So, you know, it just, it just stress for me. No matter how much I clean and do what I need to do here.
Rochelle Martinez: I really began my drama naked practically outside the clothes will shave in the washer. She goes straight to the shower.
Rochelle Martinez: They're monitoring. Both of them were temperature is that they can even get tested, even though they've been exposed, they will get tested until they start showing symptoms of their board.
Rochelle Martinez: And sister. You know what I mean, people don't get symptoms and it could also be carrying it just, it just created right now.
Rochelle Martinez: It is a little, just a little hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you are visiting group. Now you're not visiting mine so I don't know what's going on in there. What is the information that's getting shared with you guys around sort of balancing concept I think Dr. Every L talks about the
Gwenevere Abriel: The infection pressure or what I'm calling the viral load, um,
What
Gwenevere Abriel: About what those mean
Rochelle Martinez: Because I tend to only once a month, last time he attended
Rochelle Martinez: He talked
Rochelle Martinez: To Steve, let me know much it was
Rochelle Martinez: It was more I'm
Rochelle Martinez: Dr.
Rochelle Martinez: With some vacation.
Rochelle Martinez: It was just more
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I take some time to talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, it sounds like it's a very relevant thing for you right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: For most people, it's, it's the front end of what we're doing a group and then if I get to these other behavioral health pieces I'm getting to it. But otherwise, I really want to make available this platform to be able to talk
Rochelle Martinez: To exchange.
Gwenevere Abriel: To cross check facts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of
Course
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's, here's what the
Gwenevere Abriel: Basically what I've been doing is my computer shut down a couple times. I'm not sure what all is up. But basically, what I'm saying is, all right let's have a credible source. Let's use the CDC. Let's see.
Rochelle Martinez: Dr.
Rochelle Martinez: T do funky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a girl.
Rochelle Martinez: That's it. So let's use
Gwenevere Abriel: Him. He's a credible person.
Gwenevere Abriel: He has any secondary agendas and motivations for political gain. So we're not distracted by a second game he could, he wants us all to be saved.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you already have that. And then the pieces that I really kind of been focusing on
Gwenevere Abriel: Is so I heard you say just now. I don't want to repeat things you're already doing. So I heard you say a couple of things for shell. I heard you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I could have kicked into gear with
Gwenevere Abriel: A week earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: That awareness is there. So there's a heightened awareness and you're saying, okay, so whatever comes to the front door, maybe as much as possible stays outside won't make its way in. Right.
Rochelle Martinez: Sorry, my nephew's
Gwenevere Abriel: First
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody you know we got to take care of our family first. So if he needs a little toy or something, then we can get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the shoes are the shoes that were on the outside. How are they staying outside
Rochelle Martinez: The shoes. She's, she's wearing the
Rochelle Martinez: The political those have adopted slip on them.
Rochelle Martinez: While she's at work. Yeah, she's yeah she's wearing those machines that were and the Shoes come in and they don't wash everything goes straight to the washer.
Rochelle Martinez: Should she go straight to the shower.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's great. So then, right there. So who's the data designated sort of shopper that does the food shopping. Are you the one that goes out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why were you elected sort of that person to
Rochelle Martinez: Do because my grandma's
Rochelle Martinez: Me, My grandma, my nephew and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's you. All right. Um, when you're out. Are you wearing a mask. Are you wearing gloves. What are you doing out there.
Rochelle Martinez: No. Actually, I'm just carrying sanitizer and keeping six feet away from everybody in after touching stuff I put sanitizer, I get in the car and I have Clara swipes I'm waving my hands down and coming in putting this washing, washing my hands change my clothes and
Rochelle Martinez: Shoes. Shoes, we
Gwenevere Abriel: Were to the shoes day they were out
Rochelle Martinez: At the door.
Outside
Rochelle Martinez: They want to stay outside
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, what Dr. Aubrey L is saying. And I think most people are saying this at this point. So if you can create even a makeshift
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a barrier just even to get what would be a large droplet. So let's say we have a sneeze. We have a cough.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's in the air, most of it gravity's just going to pull down to the floor, it'll pull down to the next horizontal surface on depending on the surface.
Gwenevere Abriel: We talked about that in a second. But if you have a little bit of a mask or a bandana even or something. They were talking about yesterday in a group, see if I can find what it was from Home Depot. There is
Gwenevere Abriel: A particle barrier. You can make your own master.
Gwenevere Abriel: Painters coveralls I thought that was kind of funny. Some maybe we have them around. There's a barrier that's in there, take it out and we can put it over our mouth because the weave is really dense, which means those those particles from, let's say, a virus may not get through because
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a few things for me, this is kind of complicated, but there's a few things that go on around the maps. Let's just take the one that has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: This concept of viral load or with it. I call it viral load because it makes more sense to me. Infection pressure. Just sounds so weird. Like, I can't wrap my head around those words.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just call it a viral meeting virus load, meaning how much of it. So this is what I think about it. I think about it like this. If someone was over here and they sneezing, coughing, and they didn't have a mask on and most of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Landed down on the ground and it wasn't floating around in in the air. Still, because it sits on them. Those moisture droplets of water droplets in the air, whether it's in the air. Now, right now there's water in the air.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say that a tiny, itty bitty bit of it made its way over here to my lip.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, is that enough of a viral load for me to catch an infection and what Dr. Phil was saying is, no, we need this much when we only got that much. So that man.
Rochelle Martinez: Me mentally so
Rochelle Martinez: Help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relax hearing that you see my mom. Yes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Balances out sort of this over alert, a little bit of that. Okay, let's be realistic. Okay, we're going to be careful and cautious. OK. So now, realistically, we're not going to get it with just sort of a tiny little molecule of it. We need to have it sort of reach that threshold.
Gwenevere Abriel: The viral code or infection pressure. She calls it, there has to be enough of it to have a significant difference when I say to myself, I happen to have a mask in my garage where I was doing some drywall work. So I'm reusing it's really gross.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so what i don't care anymore. You don't have been some out there with that mask and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about the psychology of what that does for me will start with me. I think I'm doing everything I can.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think to myself, I'm okay. I'm out here shopping for me. My family on the best candidate to be doing this. I'm going to be conscious. Maybe I'll pay more attention than someone else will. So it's smart that it's me. I'm going to be careful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm wearing this. I'm doing everything I can. And now when I think about what this does for other people.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when I wear a mask and someone who's like, This is stupid. This is like the flu. This ain't nothing. Why y'all making a big deal. A bunch of babies are the people there are people out there like that will get close.
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll do stupid things. I don't get on. I don't watch TV or social media, but I'm hearing from actually from you guys, what's happening on terror that people are are like purposely, you know, violating people's safe and boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, with the mass says says to the people around me. It says, I take this seriously my safety is important. And we're passing along normalization of it aren't we
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I saw when I first went to Costco. I only saw two people. And now, now that now there's all kinds of people wearing I'm wearing a Publix, and there's we're still saying hi
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't feel so weird. They don't feel so weird. It's becoming more acceptable to be cautious.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I like we're in this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: not discriminate on race on religious perspective. Nada. It doesn't don't care. I don't care. It just wants to get opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's what I like about this, it sends a message to my own psychology. I'm doing everything I can send a message to my family, I take this very seriously says it to my community. We need to get on board with this now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else about the mouth so picture that
Gwenevere Abriel: Go ahead.
Rochelle Martinez: So I'm hearing is the masters and pretend to us and protect other people. It's, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but look at my little example.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah yeah I know exactly what you mean. But that
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the wrong.
Rochelle Martinez: Exactly.
Rochelle Martinez: No, there's no I'm doing everything I can. I haven't been to the to the grocery store and about it's going to be a month. And it's almost time for me to go. So that's why I'm taking all this in because I go once a month.
Rochelle Martinez: Grocery store we every everyone to buy the exact same being the hygiene. So we were stuck on tissue have shampoo, we have, we're not going to run out. I'm going to talk to you a little bit more. Yeah, that's like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Part, all out. Now here's what
Rochelle Martinez: I do with it what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have a whole separate watch what I have, I have a purse. That's it happened to have a garage and very fortunate have a garage. I haven't Ziploc bags driver's license credit cards that sit in a bag. That's the bag that I take out
Gwenevere Abriel: I walk out with shoes. The shoes at the front, I get shoes on and I'm going to wear out in the community. I grabbed that purse.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only thing that's going to be kind of coming back funky is the stuff I bring back. I'll talk about that in a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I could remember to keep those shoes out there I spray them down and stay out there nobody touches them and I'm paying attention to where I walked through that garage to and I alert my family, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Walking y'all just to walk there for two days or something like that. Just don't go right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now I have a separate BAG. BAG those credit cards, all that I laid out and I kind of scram down, let it sit there
Gwenevere Abriel: The food to packaging that's made in plastic. So here's what CDC said I had it up at it. This is the source that I got it from, by the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: This information about how long things stay on a surface was important to me. I want to know how long did they stay on plastic. Let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll try and track down where it was. But here's what I remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: On cardboard 24 hours plastic like stainless. Also, I just figured steel.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just figured, well, I'm just going to go metal because I don't, I don't really know what something's NATO, so I'm just going to say any metal something about my key.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking about the ring and my key. I'm thinking about, like, there's a piece on my gear shift. I'm thinking about little things like the door, knock things like that. It may stay there happily four days go on me day. So if I go shopping today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do that a little sticky. I put the date on the bag of chips because I didn't say what kind of plastic. I don't know whether it's my dear Reno, bang, you know, or it's my butter. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what I can wait three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: So don't wait till you're blue out of food. So anyway,
Gwenevere Abriel: Since over the little sticky and it says the date that I can go bring it in.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I can't wait. And I need to prepare food right away I meet with someone in the kitchen. I'm the clean hands or dirty hands they get it out of the packaging, I take my little clean hands. I get that food and I get it in a Ziploc so now that packaging is out of the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's just clean food in a Ziploc bag that I, anybody can touch that there's no worries there. So that's my mentality is anything that's from the outside. I don't want coming in because what if they come back and tell me. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoops.
Gwenevere Abriel: Y'all and
Gwenevere Abriel: What is
Gwenevere Abriel: It, you know, in your hair because I use a lot of hairspray would have it's sticking on at hairspray. And what if
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it's sitting up on my shoe. So I was coming out with this weeks and weeks ago and saying, look,
Gwenevere Abriel: My shoe thing. I don't want you been in my shoes. Don't be walking where I walked with I'm checking in from the supermarket from Costco. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: And then my credibility comes in and I'm hearing from someone. Oh, the doctors are saying that it can be tracked and on the shoes. Well, looky here, I'm going to do what I can. With my
Gwenevere Abriel: Care what y'all.
Rochelle Martinez: One more pieces.
Rochelle Martinez: If I'm waiting.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I wait until another week. Another month if I can stave off, which means wait to get this virus. I figured out my get it eventually. That's the truth. I do. I think that like, you know what I mean, eventually I'm gonna get it if I can wait a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be more respirators in my hospital.
Gwenevere Abriel: That much closer to write a treatment. Yes, it's going to be more mass and be better protocol, there'll be better research, they'll be evidence practice evidence based practices. So the longer that I can protect
Gwenevere Abriel: Locally me my family, my neighborhood. My city my planet. The longer we have for our really bright scientists to come up with what the heck we're supposed to do with this thing.
Rochelle Martinez: Okay, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've said everything but about that mass just picture that if it was a big droplet right, it wouldn't get through just a basic bandana or two bandanas
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't get through a tiny little one might, but honestly it that viral load number the viral load might be so low, right, unless you got that sneeze right here, or you're drinking, maybe you know that little coffee cup. Okay, so I think I've covered all the
Gwenevere Abriel: Concepts. I've got here. What are your thoughts.
Rochelle Martinez: Just the she's just a baby. I still on the floor. So that's always been my biggest concern are the shoes.
Rochelle Martinez: The other than that, I think I've reviewed everything that you have with the CDC and
Rochelle Martinez: Eventually, where we're going to get it. No matter if there's four cases here. And really there's two pieces, you know, where's my family's on the front lines mentally excuse
Rochelle Martinez: Me. We just got to be prepared.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about the inner personal. So what's a challenge for people right now is this. So, for example, it's assertiveness is coming out now you have a strong personality, but once it gets into
Gwenevere Abriel: Interpersonal
Gwenevere Abriel: It shifts a little bit for you. And so I want to check in on assertiveness and being proactive and the comfort level where you stand for your values. This is where
Gwenevere Abriel: That stuff that we've been practicing for years is really coming into play. Will you stand in your truth around safety. So let's just say outside in the front of your house.
Gwenevere Abriel: You say to the people you love even, even the ones that are minimizing if we're young. We don't have that prefrontal cortex. Now it's about until age 30 if you complete it. So moving even further into our age and so they're not going to care. They're going to care like you'd be stupid.
Rochelle Martinez: Stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no, we're not being stupid. But what if in your house, you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you text them hey bring a pair of flip flops.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or or I have some HERE YOU CAN WEAR some that are completely clean a pick him up from the dollar store you can wear some slides in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you get to decide that this is your value system in your home. You get to decide about safety. Now your confidence about nothing on this floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has anything that has been touched by the outside world for a month. Now you can let baby walk around doesnt sit. I don't believe on fabric right or cardboard. I'm thinking for more than 20 way.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was right at that front door. That's where you stand for what a great sort of metaphor for our boundary and saying, You know what, in here. We're taking it. This is what we're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to come in those shoes go in that bag. You can wear them out. But in here. Sorry. Here's some socks for a year, some slides I picked up from the dollar store. Aren't they cute.
Rochelle Martinez: The good thing is is that, um,
Rochelle Martinez: It's just as for me, visitors. Do you know what I mean, like, I don't, I don't have to worry about anybody coming
Rochelle Martinez: Just through the fact that
Rochelle Martinez: They finished tools within the last 10 days. And we've been around them. My nephew hasn't gone home he stayed here because we don't want it going to my brother's house. Do you know what I mean. So right now.
Rochelle Martinez: It's just us, and we have center boundaries.
Rochelle Martinez: We don't leave me, my brother me my nephew and Brooklyn don't mean
Rochelle Martinez: To me, she's here five and refining everything we can.
Rochelle Martinez: What about us.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you, coming up.
Rochelle Martinez: We spoken of course it was emotional when she told me that she's been exposed. She was the one in the room. They had no masks at the time. Do you know what I mean.
Rochelle Martinez: And
Rochelle Martinez: It was cleaning people see in a complete
Rochelle Martinez: Brooklyn it
Rochelle Martinez: I know you want to take Brooklyn, but you know we got to protect each other and
Rochelle Martinez: We have, we have we have anything to say hello.
Rochelle Martinez: To me, until then stay safe.
Rochelle Martinez: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over then it's come in, take shower and even maybe, I don't know, what if I don't know. I mean, if I was holding a baby. I would put a mask on, I would be that concerned personally
Rochelle Martinez: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: That. What if we're wrong. Oh, it sits in there for 25 days, you know like what if it wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Much a me wanting to protect them. Also in and so be careful. So it sounds like you're doing you're being really, really smart about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's another topic that I've been raising that I want to throw out here. Notice how you just said, oh, I see you and I'll see you in a couple of weeks. Mom, you know what you guys aren't remembering
Gwenevere Abriel: Zoom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You. So here's what I'm doing. I'm having a girls night in tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why can't we have Sunday dinners together all y'all get on. We're gonna have Sunday dinner, and we're going to talk. Don't lose your connection with these people to love.
Your family.
Rochelle Martinez: Yes.
Rochelle Martinez: Okay, sweetie. Even my nephew Jude every day when my grandma gets home I
Rochelle Martinez: Complete the disavow vector for like the cover goes straight into Clorox and their am with the alcohol and wiping it out and about 45 minutes to an hour later, he picks it up in here.
Rochelle Martinez: He gets on messenger and he he gets on it with my mom and he talks, because he, he said, do you not want him to where he says he doesn't know about it going to be exposed to. Do you know what I mean. He knows that there's a virus going around, but he doesn't
He doesn't he
Rochelle Martinez: Doesn't even know me and he's he's he's been MVP. So I don't want him worried about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we don't have to. If we're if we're keeping all the bugs outside the door them. They don't have to. They get to just play and be kids. But we can
Gwenevere Abriel: take very seriously that they can't run outside. Wash hands. Wash hands. Wash hands, the more we get in routine with that, then it will be easier later on. Wash hands. Wash hands Washington's so but
Gwenevere Abriel: Just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it make you think about maybe setting something up and having Sunday brunches together or something.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, and Saturdays. Maybe we we live in.
Rochelle Martinez: A room.
Rochelle Martinez: There's what else is around us and we live down the road for their skills. So the afternoons me and him are walking the deals. There's maybe four cars that pass up and down this road, baby. Do you know what I mean. And it's people that live here.
Rochelle Martinez: I aunt is aware that we've been exposed. So she knows we can
Rochelle Martinez: You can wave at each other, but that's about it. I mean, when
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone brought up a movie. I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't watch much but someone was cracking a joke yesterday about Demolition Man, I've never seen it, but he was saying they they don't touch or something, and that they have this weird little they go like this.
Rochelle Martinez: Maybe seem to be me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I gotta want to my what I bet that's going to be popular, you can go check it out. But like, it's like everything's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Totally like you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Free somehow. I don't know how they pull it off, but maybe we can get some good ideas from the book.
Gwenevere Abriel: So anyway, I'm trying to get some giggles because right I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna keep our mental health.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a cabin fever in here we go, stir crazy
Rochelle Martinez: And that's the good thing is that I'm used to be home. So I'm not getting that built up things idea of being home isn't affecting me
Rochelle Martinez: I'm used to, like I say, when I go grocery shopping once a month, they get everything that we need. And if I have to go into town. It's to get something to eat with were
Rochelle Martinez: Fast food or something. But it's not often that I'm out and about. So I have, you know, maybe five friends that I keep in contact, whether that's through over the phone. I've even had lunch or anything with them in six months. So I, I feel like
Rochelle Martinez: We're gonna do anything.
Rochelle Martinez: It's just trying to Stay positive, dream. Well, this is
Rochelle Martinez: The tricky part.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many hours a day. Are you watching the news or you can you
Rochelle Martinez: In the afternoon at five o'clock when I try not to even go there. I, I listened to what the governor has to say if she's on and if not, then
Rochelle Martinez: We're good. You know what I mean it's we're staying away from that i'm i'm reading about the CDC and for me, the CDC CC and
Rochelle Martinez: That's about it. I'm trying to stay away from
Rochelle Martinez: All that negativity right now and I
Rochelle Martinez: Just listening to the important things. Do you really mean, and I'm looking up on now that the CDC website about the groceries and all that, too, and
Rochelle Martinez: I think staying away from other. And if I do have questions, like I say I text my mom or asked her this or whatever. The question is do you remain. How do we prevent this are what are, what do we need to do next.
Rochelle Martinez: What's the best cleaning supply to us right now and just little things like that even mean like
Rochelle Martinez: Right now we have couple containers of Oxy Clean because she said no that's better than the Clorox because it has the peroxide and baking soda in it. So, it kills a lot of the germs.
Rochelle Martinez: All the, all the launches leading national
Rochelle Martinez: Team clean
Rochelle Martinez: The floors twice a day just just even though I know that nobody's coming in, until five o'clock that my brother gets full and feel
Rochelle Martinez: Like
Rochelle Martinez: This they think it's just
Rochelle Martinez: That anxiety dinner. I mean, trying to keep it as much as I can.
Rochelle Martinez: But
Rochelle Martinez: It's just a little shaky, knowing that I have them out there with no hardly any protective gear and
Rochelle Martinez: I should ask those questions, but I need to do. I mean, because she's the one who orders of stuff. She's the one who's on the phone has to be begging for some cake right now they're told that they have choose the same as for one week and
Rochelle Martinez: It just crazy that they don't have the stuff that they need to protect themselves from these dude. I mean, since yeah but
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how that cleaning. Remember I was talking about how the mask and help psychologically so personally me
Gwenevere Abriel: It helps me psychologically feel like I'm doing everything here cleaning is helping you. That's a lot of times, so we won't don't want to get it to the point you know how people do that and they identify as a compulsive disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. We don't want to get that point. But now you see why people do it, it creates psychological relief to know we're doing everything we can.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, it's okay, I'm going to do this. This is how we're going to have some control over my life this very uncertain moment. So I say minimum of twice a day. There we go. I'll watch the news at five o'clock.
Rochelle Martinez: Those little things are your nails. I was picking at it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you also hear me kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: touching on that this might be an opportunity to engage socially, which is already something you and I work on sort of in our treatment planning that this might be an opportunity for you to socialize in a kind of different way. You don't have to go out and see them, but um
Rochelle Martinez: We show you something. I use chat on dual
Rochelle Martinez: Bu
Rochelle Martinez: And in the nighttime.
Rochelle Martinez: I talked to Heather and she's home to show to the state. So she's been working from home. So we just sit there and bullshit right after the baby's asleep.
Rochelle Martinez: That's about the only only socializing again really
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I've been doing in group has kind of talking about just what we were talking about. And then also coming up with creative ideas to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you were normally we were starting to think about going out in the community.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to just remind that we have the internet. The internet is amazing resource be going to
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 step meetings, you can be going to
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a 12 step model. They have videos they have chats, they have
Gwenevere Abriel: Video
Gwenevere Abriel: Meetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be getting
Rochelle Martinez: More support here.
Rochelle Martinez: You can read this through your
Gwenevere Abriel: Name as
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bugs Bunny.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can kind of have your confidentiality in there. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let
Rochelle Martinez: Me see what this one is.
Gwenevere Abriel: This if you typed in 12 step notes, no space looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: To step forward.
www.org
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've got another one to show you, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this one, of course, as you know, has that sort of use of higher power God and a spiritual element to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We, you know, we admitted. We were powerless, those, those pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not everyone is amenable they can't take in information when it's packaged with that philosophy. So I've been talking a lot about how to sort of put aside the packaging of really good information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't get distracted distracted by the cover of the book. Don't get distracted by the packaging, you can get really good information. If you can get past the cover. And so if you think about this, this framework, if you don't really have a lot of buy in with that spiritual part
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't get past it. There's also this concept here, this is almost parallels the 12 STEP program, but it's called smart recovery and you could find smart.
Rochelle Martinez: I've worked at Boston program before in previous years. So, I, I'm kind of familiar with it.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I'm actually familiar with it. I didn't. When I was in rehab and I found it.
Rochelle Martinez: Interesting. I mean it was just more shifting and
So this
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I mean by packaging, there can be good information. But it doesn't mean that we take everything. Someone says or does we don't take it all in.
Gwenevere Abriel: All at once. We can take pieces of something. So, for example, you've probably been in either one of my groups or someone else's groups and maybe you didn't like or resonate with all of it, but you got something you like. Oh.
Rochelle Martinez: I just heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that one felt right for me that one felt true for me. So we don't want cut ourselves off from the whole opportunity.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could say, all right, I'll take in what is true for me. What works for me and I'll let the rest go just a breath of comfort. Just let the rest go. Don't get distracted by the packaging.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right 12 step. Oh there's so rigid. Well, I'm not going to get distracted by the rules and expectations of it. I want to hear the message.
Rochelle Martinez: Machine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's kind of been my focus last couple weeks is don't rob yourself from getting the contents of the packaging.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because you don't like the cover of it. You know, it's like, oh, they're going to be judging of me or whatever because I don't really want to. I'm it. Step four. And I didn't do. Step two.
Rochelle Martinez: You know, they're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I'm on you for nursing and they're going to think that's a drug, and they're going to judge me. Well, you know what, it's online, you don't have to say what you don't want to say, and you can benefit from listening and sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: Your stories of hope and strength. But this is an environment here and smart recovery that does not have the 12 step model.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, ww smart recovery.org looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know, it was really cute. I wish I could find the one that was really really really cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: They had I don't have it up here because my my computer crashed recently. Anyway, it was, um, listen to the the zoom meeting that they were going to have one of the zoom meetings they were going to have was called can't quarantine my spirit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was like, Oh, I love that so much. I thought that was hysterical.
Gwenevere Abriel: So give some think to write that this is an opportunity for you to have a girls night in you can meet with your girls, kind of, hey, in this kind of platform we see each other, crack some jokes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And also with your family have some routine put together so that y'all are still feeling connected. We're not really not spiritually quarantine.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how long have you felt, let's just get right to it. Has there been some loneliness.
Rochelle Martinez: It hasn't met yet. It hasn't been any luminous
Rochelle Martinez: I think I'm just so busy with the kids and stuff like that that loneliness. I don't have time to be
Rochelle Martinez: You know the meaning
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah. So, and, and, you know, I've never needed
Rochelle Martinez: Friendship to keep me going, I have his kids to just consume my day. I do reach out and talk to my friends and we checked in on each other and stuffs been
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just been putting a little note here around the Na na that you took a note of some of these online opportunities. Okay.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, written down and screenshot a booth and
smart recovery and then it was sort of 12
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just curious, remind me why you're not coming to any of my groups like I can't remember why
Rochelle Martinez: Well, it's because in the evening when
Rochelle Martinez: I have somebody to watch Brooklyn without her being on my lap, like right now as to the seven o'clock in the morning. One while she's asleep. Because if not, she's right here destruction and
Rochelle Martinez: I'm not trying to be a distraction for group with the baby sitting on my lap. Do you know what I mean. So it was
Rochelle Martinez: A joining me.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, was better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just so you know, I'm just to review. I have a 7am group on Tuesdays.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if that be something you'd want to do. That's what Dr. Aubrey Ellen, I, I have a nine at 9am group on Mondays 1pm group on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday.
Rochelle Martinez: 11am and then
Fridays 12pm
Rochelle Martinez: This evening. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the 7am what might appeal to you sometimes don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'd love to have you back in there. I miss you. I like seeing how you're doing in her personally kind of see how that's going on. I don't get to I don't get to see in there.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I mean, she's too it differently. And then that group is all an organized that I attend. It's a there's never the same people in it on a weekly or monthly basis. Every time I go in. Maybe there's one, there's one near your face that I was their previous month. Dinner mean so it's it's
Rochelle Martinez: A little crazy, but I'm not there for that I'm there.
Rochelle Martinez: To get information from
Rochelle Martinez: The doctor yeah and dominate on reading
Rochelle Martinez: Rotating and
Rochelle Martinez: Stuff like that. So I really didn't get
Rochelle Martinez: An organized bother me. I just tried to focus on what I'm going to take him at night, an
Gwenevere Abriel: Example of what I was talking about with the packaging that disorganization we could get ourselves offended and we could be so preoccupied that we
Can't
Rochelle Martinez: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're kidding me see.
Rochelle Martinez: Me. Thank you. Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning. Good morning. Hi.
Rochelle Martinez: Where's my cereal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Aisle listen you go take care of you. I want to ask you something. I wrote a little note, but I don't know if it works for you. I put us as another
Rochelle Martinez: Appointment
Gwenevere Abriel: On April 27. Do you think you could do that. It's on a Friday, just like this.
Rochelle Martinez: Is 24
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I have. I have no payments. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, I will see you then.
Gwenevere Abriel: To really invite you to come by Kumbaya at seven. But I also think you're benefiting from from the sort of Mind Body practices that Dominique is offering so you decide, but I'd love to see it. That's up to you.
Rochelle Martinez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. Be good to
Rochelle Martinez: See, you say bye
Rochelle Martinez: Bye.